Update readme for jasmine framework only (#11)
browserstack/protractor-browserstack-reporter: README.md

# protractor-browserstack-reporter

> A Protractor plugin which enables BrowserStack reports on CI servers for jasmine framework only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Protractor plugin(currently supports only jasmine framework) which enables BrowserStack reports on CI servers.
```
